docs: adding User type defintion (#579)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/resources/types.md

<<< @/../packages/core/src/account/smartContractAccount.ts#SmartContractAccount
:::

## `User`

> `User` is a type that defines the model for the user on a client. It includes identifiers for the user including `email`, `orgId`, `userId`, `userId`, `address` (the EOA signer address corresponding to the user credentials), and `credentialId`. You can use the [`useUser`](../react/useUser.md) react hook to look up a user.

Reviewer: would clarify this is specific to an Alchemy Signer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`User` is a type that defines the model for the details of a user's Embedded Account via an Alchemy Signer. It includes the user's `email`, `orgId`, `userId`, `userId`, `address` (the EOA signer address corresponding to the user credentials), and `credentialId`. You can use the [`useUser`](../react/useUser.md) react hook to look up a user.
```

> `User` is a type that defines the model for the user on a client. It includes identifiers for the user including `email`, `orgId`, `userId`, `userId`, `address` (the corresponding smart contract account address of type Address), and `credentialId`. You can use the [`useUser`](../react/useUser.md) react hook to look up a user.

Reviewer 2: > `(the corresponding smart contract account address of type Address)`

What does this mean? User is the owner/signer EOA, how does this connect to smart contract account? AlchemySigner User can be used something other than the owner of smart contract account(s). A little bit confusing whether this address refers to the EOA address of the Signer/User that maps 1:1 with the user Id/email/credentialId or if this is something else.

Reviewer 2: Would be great to see clarification on the relationship between User <> Alchemy Signer <> Smart Contract Account (Alchemy Account).

Author: I actually don't know the answer here. @moldy530 @avasisht23 can you help clarify?

Author: Pretty positive it is the signer address
